Mapping of Richmond
	When I was introduced to this project assignment, I was very fascinated with the idea of mapping, since I was very new to the process. It was interesting to see how mapping affected all different types of races in a community. It also can show us how much a community can change over time. I chose to georectify the city of Richmond, because I am pretty familiar with the area, and I figured it would be interesting to see how accurate the census data lined up in certain communities that I knew of. Creating the map of Richmond was not as difficult as I imagined it to be. ArcMAP was self-explanatory, after reading the mapping directions. I downloaded all of my data from Richmond, VA zip file, and the census data from 2010. Once both maps were officially added to ArcMAP, I had to change the transparency level on the city map, in order for it to be visible to show how the census data matched up with the different areas in Richmond. This allowed me to view any possible changes over time. Then I had to explore the census info, by choosing a specific race to observe in Richmond. I chose the African-American race, because I was curious to see which communities African-Americans were placed in on this map. Since I am familiar with the city of Richmond, I wanted to see if this census information from 2010 matched up with African-American communities now in 2016. I also had to make sure I normalized by the total population, so that I would get a more detailed count of African-Americans in Richmond. Once I applied this information to the census tract, I noticed how not much had changed over the years for the African-American community. The data showed that most African-Americans lived in the “red” areas of Richmond, which were viewed as “hazardous”. On the Mapping Inequality website, it showed that either African-Americans or Foreigners, most likely Hispanic, usually were projected to stay in these hazardous areas of Richmond. It was very unlikely to see an African-American or Hispanic living in any “green” areas of Richmond, because the green areas were viewed as the best. This is where white people were known to live. I believe African-Americans and Hispanics just could not afford to live in such areas, due to certain job salaries. It was already hard for those Hispanics who dealt with illegal immigration to get a well-paying job in America. 
	One thing I do want to know is, why the data from the African-American community has barely changed from so long ago. I understand that this data does not stand for all African-Americans, but why have the majority of the race not been able to move out of the hazardous areas of Richmond. I came to the conclusion that maybe it could be a personal preference to stay in the red areas of Richmond for some African-Americans. Some families may not like change and feel at home in the low income communities of Richmond. Some people just may not feel comfortable leaving home, because their whole family has lived there for years. Personally, if I had the money to move to a nicer community I would do so. So I strongly believe that most African-Americans are still living in these hazardous areas of Richmond, because they can’t afford to live on the better side of Richmond. As the years pass, maybe the census tract data will show more African-Americans living in green areas of Richmond, but until then the census data seems to continue to repeat itself year after year. 

https://dsl.richmond.edu/panorama/redlining/#loc=12/37.5059/-77.4624&opacity=0.8&city=richmond-va
